friends all big hello we are now
we are on the ponds I arrived at
rybalochka weather certainly remains to be desired
best big wind
Now I'll show you all a place here
such is the second pond over there from the cliff
I will try to see below which wave
I will try since I will not
carries on the float and zakidushka
feeder wanna visit let you down here 22 in
Generally about the winter wind, I see
three hooks only seam on the worm and on
maggot make zakodushki while poklevok
they were not on the float rod
there was a poklyovochka just at the worm
Now I will consider feeder
and I will go there under the bark instead and there
try to catch
developed clarity caught one
Sand River released two paintings I'm Fedor
unwound now I will try the lamella on
until he muffled Well maybe Kostya
an hour later an hour 1 pokalevochka on dalnyak
100 years I caught too from the bottom
steve don't say there but why are those side
see hooks on feeders you see on
side hook just like they are on the farthest
took a crucian
deal with the feeders and got caught so grandson
on the floor so will continue fishing
Well, so I just keep on catching
that without abandoned Fedor was supposed to be
Pokylovochka parts of Vick gone
I catch on manure worm yesterday men
here they say what is good yesterday here
caught caught three dozen to Russia
Today I was yesterday too
same well something is wrong today in
general i keep on we caught on
float here is such a fish here we have
Well, hold this one and think it
eat this don't eat this some other fish
she will see a completely different top
fin
completely different yes and so what kind I am not
know how to say it
gorchak as his ashes call them here and
oil on maggots so if you know
what kind of fish do you write me
please in the comments I already
going home went about two hours
and a half I was fishing for today
not really starting the video end of her hand
stage started recording that is caught
one graphic was still a couple of bites not
strong on dalnyak but somehow sluggish
the men on the cars ran away there were many there
for 6 one more bet the other day I think
so on him and so I understand just
already started spawning the second time here
so he and 3 become yesterday say
it was good to see there sits further
fisherman won
there they are reduced to the peasants here is this fish
crucian and the threshold from her even took
Yes, and what this child is like her
Called I do not know correctly like
brush you don't eat iq here tell me
please as it is called that is,
This is just a video this time was
so thank you all for watching
Good fishing for you
than me this time yes all bye